[Music]
[Applause]
what's up YouTube it's Brian here and
today as you can see I have someone with
me in case you don't know it's my little
brother
cami my shirts hi hello YouTube that was
great thank you
okay I was visiting me in my apartment
in California the week against his two
friends Johnny Kenny Johnny can you see
how you can't see him with all riled
camps here I thought it'd be really fun
to have him be in a video so you guys
need to know him and we could kind of
prove to each other how well we know
right yes so already be doing is the
sibling tag if you happen to simply tag
video what it is is I'm gonna ask him
questions that I think he should know
about me and vice-versa and whoever gets
the most questions right wins and
whoever doesn't it's gonna pay the price
the person who gets it wrong has to get
smacked with the rubberband which I call
it a bee sting but apparently is not
then at the very end Verna tally up all
the points and whoever it the least
amount of points is gonna have to have a
ultimate punishment done to them kam if
you lose what you gonna do I'm gonna let
you cut my hair any way you want
yeah that's right and if I lose I'm
gonna let cam dye my hair pink like hot
pink alright I'm gonna go first sure
what is my favorite color your favorite
color is orange no yes it was there's
always been maybe like an eight Rayo in
high schools or greens my favorite color
alright so you gonna do it well as you
asked it I asked it what is my favorite
color easy so everyone knows what I am
what nothing means I'll give you another
easy one what's my favorite number two
yeah okay you need to get one what is my
favorite number but it's mean it has
changed but so just say just ahead
alright well your eyes rose three
that's no longer there okay so your new
one is it a single digit number I'm not
telling you how you just said that
literally I won't know what it is you
changed your favorite color I know that
my favorite color just guess
I'm c9 no no one likes that number know
what that is wrong what is it 2000
what was our favorite game to play on
PlayStation 2 or PlayStation 1 when we
play playstation we were the other there
was one game that we like to play I'll
give you a head like this y'all right
let's go what are we gonna do what is my
confirmation name is it Michael no it's
Anthony damn it still hurts a little bit
right there this is definitely
noticeable dude what was our biggest
fight about how did it stop I have to
save question if it's right are we
playing basket and I throw a chip at you
yet you pushed me the garbage cans as a
dad ran so far years old I gotta hang
somebody that was my good question GI
was my hardest so like this is not just
a specific game but like overall what is
like games do I always buy and play
sports games like Madden no no that
that's like those are that's Lego Lego
but no that wasn't your first answer so
question what kind of games do I do
alright Jake so is the final score high
general please it was a tie sorry should
you need everybody to have to do it
right Oh No
[Music]
all right YouTube look here it is a
happy we didn't have it like money to
spend on crazy expensive dad but you're
exactly a while we were guessing I know
there let me disappoint it but I did my
punishments now it's cam
[Music]
all right guys now here's the finished
product the new and improved Camryn la
redmond market everybody goes thing
pretty good though right yeah different
anyway I think if you're watching wise
thumbs up if you're impressive that I
let him die my hair and he let me cut
his hair and things came in from being
in it I don't think and until next week
keep it real banana peels
[Music]